>> Joe Kuperman: So there's a lot of
different screen readers, so for those of
you that are front end developers, get
used to another frustrating thing where
not everything works the same on
all these different platforms.
So there's a bunch of
different screen readers for
different operating systems and
they all work mostly the same.
But really often we get, like when I
worked at Twitter, we got like, okay it's
like Jaws but its like five versions ago
that has the problem and people are like.
[LAUGH] [CROSSTALK] It's the same with
browsers but they work mostly the same
like everything we're talking about today
is universal but when you get into like
some really advanced stuff The screen
writers can work a little bit differently.
I can't think of a really
good example right now, but
we will get into some,
similar to different browsers.
So Jaws, ZoomText, so
if you have Mac you can turn your
screen right around with command f5.
But keep your volume down right now.
And it'll turn on voice over for
mac which is which is really really great.
We're gonna be using ChromeVox.
Specifically because it's built by them
into the browser not the operating system.
So no matter what operating system you run
if you wanted to download Chrome you can
follow along perfectly, but yeah.
I really like voice over and
I really like jaws.
If I'm on Windows.
So those are my recommendations.
If you wanted to go out at
expense one at your work and
start screen readering everything.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Joe Kuperman: VoiceOver's free.
It's Mac only.
>> Speaker 2: NVDA is also free,
whereas JAWS is pretty expensive, so.
>> Joe Kuperman: Right.
Yeah, I'd say it probably,
at least in my experience, I only get
Jaws when I get a report for Jaws if
somebody's like we're trying to use.
At Twitter we had a Jaws report, so we
expensed a copy of Jaws and NVDA is great.
Honestly, for all the stuff we're
doing today, it's universally shared.
It's very much like CSS with a browser.
Where you're pretty much all good and
then once in a while something is just
not gonna work on one of the browsers.
So yeah, anybody who wants to jump
ahead we're gonna be using ChromeVox.
It's in the Google Chrome Store.
Yeah, it's not my favorite
screen reader but
it's really nice that you can use
that in the operating system.